Thank you, Pastor.
Happy New Year, Church.
I said happy New Year, Church.
Anybody excited to be in 2026 in a new year?
Come on, you couldn't have made it in 2025 without Jesus, but somehow, someway God didn't fail you.
You made it into the new year.
Can you give him a 2026 shot of praise?
Come on, come on.
The devil thought he had you, but he missed.
You're here in the new year.
Somebody needs to get excited in this building that God didn't fail you, that He brought you through.
Come on, church.
Whoo!
This is the day the Lord has made.
We will rejoice and be glad in it.
Can you just smile at somebody right now?
Just smile at somebody with your teeth.
Smile.
Even if they're not yours, just smile.
You may not have all of them, just smile at them.
Just smile, just smile, smile.
Come on, come on.
This is actually the day.
This is the weekend that Lord has made.
Somebody very special to us.
Our very own pastor.
Pastor, bless his birthday.
Was yesterday.
Come on, a general in the faith.
Happy birthday, pastor.
We love you.
We're thankful for you.
Pastor, Kimah's birthday was on Monday.
Aren't you thankful for pastors that have some resilience, some bounce back, some grits?
Come on now.
What other person or pastor do you know that's doing CrossFit in their 70s?
Listen, doing push-ups, even on vacation, doing pull-ups on vacation.
Pastor is the definition of grit.
You look in the dictionary, you're going to see a picture of Chuck Norris, right?
John Wayne, and you'll see a picture of Pastor because he has grit.
So let me tell you right now to lead us through the 1980s.
In the 1990s, some of y'all weren't even born yet.
The 2000, the 2010s, all went into 2026.
Pastor, we love you.
Pastor, can we love who are thankful for you?
Honor to be here today.
Can we give God a shout of praise for our pastors?
Woo!
So, so thankful.
Before you see that, I want you to fist bump six people.
And say, 2026 will be my best year.
Six people, come on.
Thank you, team.
Awesome job.
Don't cheat six people, even at home fist bump somebody, even if it's the dog.
Yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord.
Have a seat, have a seat.
Feeling good in the new year, yeah?
Let me ask you, do you like who you sitting next to?
It's too late to change now.
I'm sorry, it's awkward.
You can't change now.
Y'all hope you like it.
Well, in case you're still wondering, like, who's a black dude?
Well, my name is Neil Hopson.
I go by kneel time on the radio and I'm so happy to be with you today.
I'm so thankful and honored to be able to share with you.
And listen, this is a new year.
But back in 2025 and in November, we talked about gratitude, right?
And then in December, we talked about whatever happened to hope.
And Daniel preached an amazing fire message on the comeback in 2026.
But today we're starting a new series called This Is Church on the Rock.
Huh, churchy neighbors say this is
Church on the rock.
Oh yes, we're built different here for sure.
And our mission here, Church on the Rock, is what?
To lead people to a God who is for them and to help them discover his purpose for their life.
Oh yes, I came here.
I discovered my purpose back in 2003.
I was a senior in high school, Westminster Christian Academy, right?
My parents, I'm so thankful for my parents.
Oh, I love you so much.
To bring me here to church, parents, please bring your kids to church.
Come on, even if they don't like it.
If you're paying they bills.
They eating your food out of your fridge.
Ring them kids to church, right?
And they brought us here back in 2003.
Now this is the North Campus era.
Who's here for the North Campus era, all right?
Red seats, huh?
Red carpet, yes indeed.
And it was rocking over there, wasn't it?
Ooh, child.
It was, people was running through the house.
There was this guy, he had a full, full suit on, and he was a brother.
He had a perm.
And every time he would praise the Lord, the perm would wiggle.
And he would run, do a split, come back up.
And it was moving over there.
And then we came over here in 2004, and I've got the privilege of serving so many different ministries, and I'm so thankful to be able to learn.
And the first ministry, I guess my favorite ministry, don't get mad nobody.
My favorite ministry, and the first ministry was the facilities ministry.
Yeah, the late Mr. John, Ms. Hilda, they taught me excellence and simplicity and integrity to mop floors and to hit the toilets and to actually vacuum those seats as well.
And I was so thankful to be able to serve in the house of the Lord, but let me tell you something.
I love coming to church, but I love passing by the reception desk to see a pretty girl as well, okay?
I saw this girl back there, I was like, oh my goodness, I'ma come here every day and serve.
And I was sweeping, I was mopping, I was like, hey girl, how you doing?
And I was, I was sweeping and my, I was like, you need anything, huh?
So you need anything?
And she was stone cold.
She was not having any of it.
She shot me down three times in person.
And that's a DM or a text.
She taught me that three times in person.
And it took the father, the son, and her friend Karen.
to help me out.
And once she said, yes, she knew she was missing the Lord the whole time.
That's what it was.
And the Lord met me at the level of my expectation.
So I'm thankful I've been married 16 years from my beautiful wife, Kim.
My daughter, Gabriella, she's 70 years old.
And every time they come to church in the right, every time she comes to church in the right, she gets to learn that God is for her.
Today, we're going to emphasize that.
We're going to double down that if God is for you, then failure is not final.
I write that down, if God is for you, then failure, oh, it ain't final.
Matter of fact, grab your Bibles real quick.
Say, this is my Bible.
I am who it says I am.
I have what it says I have.
I can do what it says I can do.
Today, I will be taught the Word of God.
My mind is alert.
My heart is receptive.
I will not leave the same as I came in Jesus' name.
And every time
I come to church on the rock.
I sit every time.
My faith.
My life.
My family.
Get stronger and stronger.
Come on, give God a shout-out praise, church.
Whoo!
The big idea of God is for you, then failure is not final.
Psalm 56 verse 9 says, what?
Then my enemies will turn back when I call for help.
By this, I will know that God is for me.
And you know of God before you, who could dare be against you?
You gotta know, I get to tell tens of thousands of people in person every month, millions of people on the radio, every day that God is for them, that God loves them.
I get to steal pastor's messages every single week.
And I give them credit, of course.
But I want you to let you know that God is for you today.
If God is for you, then failure is not final today.
I'm not sure what you went through back in 2025, but I am here to tell you that failure is not final.
You're here in 2026 for a reason.
You're called here for a reason.
If somebody brought you here to church, if you're new here and they promised you brunch and they pulled into church, I'm sorry, but let me tell you right now, God's gonna do something in your life today.
You're gonna leave different than when you came today.
God is for you today.
We're telling you, Jeremiah 2911 says, I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you, not to harm you.
God doesn't want to harm you today.
He wants to prosper you and he wants to give you a future filled hope.
Let me tell you what, you get hope today when you come to church.
This is church in the rock.
You're gonna leave as a winner.
You're gonna leave as an overcomer.
You're gonna leave as a victor today because this is church on the rock.
Come on now.
Listen, let me say something right now.
The most important thing in life aren't things, but they are relationships.
First of all, your relationship with Jesus, right?
And then the people sitting beside you, just look beside you.
Look beside you.
Look behind you.
There's some people beside you.
I'm telling you that God's gonna use in your life incredibly.
God used Chris Robinson in my life.
He's the executive vice president of Maxwell Leadership, and pastor introduced him to John Maxwell.
He introduced me to John Maxwell, and we get to tell people about Jesus and leadership all around the world.
There's a bond of course he's as well.
I can go on and on and name different people in this audience that God has helped me build a relationship with.
There's been a mentor in my life that has been a friend in my life that I've got to pour into in my life.
I'm telling you, the most important thing in life aren't things but their relationships.
Maybe in 2026, you're looking to increase and expand.
Those are words for the year, right?
And expansion, who's looking to increase in this bank?
Can I see a hand here?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Maybe it's in the area of relationship.
Who's married?
Let me see who's married.
Okay, okay.
Who's happily married?
Let me just see.
We got less hands.
I don't know folks.
I don't know.
Who's single?
Single as a Pringle.
Ready to mingle.
You shot your hand up quick.
You better look around.
Look around.
See y'all acting cute.
You better hurry up now.
Okay.
Get yourself a blessing here down.
I'm telling you right now, God can increase your relationships.
He can increase your family, your career, your health.
It's the beginning of the year.
Everybody's going to the gym, right?
The gyms are packed.
You go there tomorrow, you got a gym membership, and you got your little two-piece set, right?
You got your little aloe.
You love your, your, your, your lulu, or maybe Target and Ross, whichever one you know.
You just talk good.
But you're feeling good, right?
You go to the gym, you take your little selfies, like, hey, I'm in here, gym flow.
All right, you do a little vlog right now.
Take a look at this.
All right, cool, cool, cool.
That's the first week.
That's the first week, because everybody's in the gym, right?
It's hard to find the bench, hard to find the machine, but let you go to second week.
You ain't posting selfies anymore.
You post the scriptures.
You're like, ooh, I can do all things to Christ.
Who strengthens me?
That third week though, that third week, woo!
I'm telling you right now, you ain't, you have sent an officer out to go find you at APB because listen, that third week, January 17th is what?
National Quit Day.
That's when most people fall off, but I'm here to tell you've got before you, failure is not final, okay?
Failure is not final.
I'm not sure what you're facing today, but I wanna let you know that you're an overcomer, that you're gonna make it today.
You're gonna leave out here and you're gonna say, you know what?
The devil tried to take me out, but in 2026, this will be my year.
Now, I'm looking to expand and increase like you, but it may not be in the same way.
Maybe your prayer is like mine where you wanna go, not just further and farther and higher.
Maybe you wanna grow a little taller, okay?
Anybody?
Okay, it's just me, okay.
But maybe you wanna go wider and deeper.
Maybe that's your prayer today, just go a little wider and a little deeper.
Because sometimes when you don't have your stakes out or you don't have that firm foundation and you're trying to go taller,
If you get too much and too tall, too quick, guess what?
If you don't have that firm foundation, you will fall right over.
I wanna go wider, I wanna go deeper.
You know in business, right?
If you don't take care of the clients that you have now, why are you praying for more clients?
If you don't handle the money right that you have right now, why are you praying for more money?
Cause I'm telling you right.
If you get more, if you get this blessing, sometimes it can feel like a burden.
If you don't have wider and deeper first.
And I know that's not attractive.
Some people, I just want to go first, but I want to go wider and deeper because when the IRS calls, hello, right?
When the taxes hit, it's a little different.
You want to go wider.
You want to have your system in this place so you can go deeper.
First Chronicles 4, 9 through 10.
We'll let you know at church and right, we're going wider and deeper.
We see more, we see before as leaders here.
There was a man named Jay Best.
Daniel did a great job reading this last week, who was more honorable than any of his brothers.
His mother named him Jay Best because his birth had been so painful.
He was the one who prayed to the God of Israel, oh, that you have blessed me, increase and expand my territory.
Please be with me in all that I do and keep me from all trouble and pain in God, granting him this request.
Now, in 2025, you probably had some heartache.
Anybody have any heartache?
Any struggle?
Any letdowns?
Any loss?
Sometimes it's hard to get back up after that.
Am I right?
When you feel like you got knocked down, it's hard to get back up.
But I wouldn't encourage you.
I want you to write at the top of your notes.
Just write start.
Start.
It ain't deep, right?
It's simple, right?
But sometimes the most simple thing to do is the most difficult thing to do is just to start.
Because somebody in here quit.
Somebody here gave up.
Because I started in 2025 and it didn't work out.
And I started in 2024 and it didn't work.
And I heard it encouraging message.
But guess what?
Somebody needs to just start in here.
That thing that God's been nagging you.
He's been tapping you on the shoulder saying, you need to do this.
You need to post that.
You need to create that content.
You need to start.
You need to do it now, because I'm telling you right now, if you don't start now, you won't be ready when that opportunity comes.
Maybe you just need to start.
Just put start.
I always say, don't allow your setback, cause you to sit back, but let it be a set up for your comeback.
I'm gonna say it again on this side, because I think there's a dead spot, Abraham.
I think that's right.
Don't let your setback cause you to sit back, but let it be a set up for your comeback.
If God is for you, then failure is not final.
Sometimes we just need to get back up like Joseph in the Bible.
Joseph went what?
He even went from the pit to the palace, right?
Kind of, kind of.
He went from the pit to prison, then he went to the palace, then he went back to prison, and then he went back to the palace.
Sometimes God has a funny way of teaching us some things along the way.
Sometimes we want that direct shot and God's like, you know what?
I'm gonna take you the long way because I'm trying to develop you.
I'm trying to get something in you.
And you may think that God is failure and God is not failure.
He's just very kind, actually.
He's very gracious and he's developing you.
He's developing you right now.
It may not happen in your timing, but guess what?
God is developing you right now.
And I want you to encourage you not to quit.
Oh, no.
Don't walk by your feelings.
I want you to walk by faith today.
Come on, you gotta have some grit to get back up.
Your pastor has some grit to get back up.
I don't care how you feel, right?
Well, I feel like, can I just be your friend and say, it doesn't matter how you feel.
You gotta do it anyway.
It doesn't matter if it hurts.
Your pastor recommended a book to the staff, so I'll embrace the suck, right?
Sometimes it's just gonna hurt, but you gotta suck it up, buttercup.
Turn to your neighbors and say, suck it up, buttercup, suck it.
It's okay.
Come on now.
Feelings are indicators.
Feelings are great indicators, but they're terrible dictators.
I said, feelings are great indicators that they're good, but they're terrible dictators because they shouldn't be telling you what to do.
You have to tell your body what to do.
You say, body, you're going to get up today.
Body, you're going to do the right thing today because I don't know about you, but sometimes I don't want to do the right thing.
Is it just me?
Because sometimes your mind is telling you, your mind is telling you no, like I'm telling you,
But sometimes your body, like I'm telling you, it's telling you, yes.
And I'm telling you right now, you have to say, no feelings, I'm gonna put you down.
And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna follow what does the word say, yeah?
I'm not gonna let my feelings dictate my life.
They're gonna be a great indicator, so I'm gonna let the word dictate my life.
This is church on the rock.
I love how passage says, pressure is your friend.
Whoo, pressure is your friend.
It refines you.
When you're in the fire, it refines you.
You develop some grit in the fire when you have that pressure on your life.
Champions do extra, even when they don't feel like it.
I said champions do extra, even when they don't feel like it.
When motivation wears off, what's your kick in?
Commitment your kick in.
I said, when motivation wears off, we don't have the worship team and you don't have pastor or anybody preaching to you, guess what?
Commitment kicks in.
I made the decision to do this.
I'm gonna step into this.
I made the decision to get up this morning.
I'm gonna do it.
I made the decision to make breakfast for the family or to make lunch for the kids or meal prep.
I'm gonna do this.
I made the commitment to do it.
So when motivation wears off, I need your commitment to kick right in.
Just because you failed, it doesn't mean that you are a failure.
Number one, if you write notes, number one,
Write this down if you would please.
Failure is not a person.
It's an event.
Failure is not a, you're not a failure.
It's just an event.
You think you fail, you think you mess up.
Look at Peter in the Bible, right?
Peter denied Christ what?
Three times.
He was just walking with Jesus.
He was just, he saw the miracles.
He saw the signs and the wonders and he saw he was just walking with Jesus.
And guess what?
A couple hours later, he said, I never knew the man.
He denied him not once, not twice, not three times.
I would feel like a failure personally.
If I cut a man's ear off, one hour in the next hour, I never knew the man.
But what did Jesus do?
Did Jesus throw him away?
No.
No, but did Jesus restore him?
What did he say?
Peter, do you love me?
Feed my sheep.
Peter, do you love feed my lambs?
Peter, do you love me feed?
My sheep, he restored them every single time.
Number one, failure is not a person.
It's just an event.
Number two, failure is not the opposite of success.
It's a part of your success journey.
Oh, it's necessary.
You're learning and you're winning in every season.
That's what Pastor just said on his leadership lifter podcast.
When others check out, you need to lock in.
Turn to them, say lock in, lock in, lock in, lock in, say lock in, lock in.
When others check out, you gotta lock in.
You gotta have some grit about it.
You say, you know what?
I know everybody's doing this, but I gotta lock in.
I gotta stay committed here.
Number one, failure's not a person.
It's an event.
Number two, failure's not an opposite of success.
It's a part of your success journey.
And number three, you can't get to success without passing by the door of failure.
You will pass by multiple doors of failure, but you can't stay there.
You can't open the door and make living there, make a dwelling there.
You gotta keep on going and you may come by another door failure.
Okay, I'm gonna learn from that lesson.
I'm gonna keep on going.
I see another door failure.
I see it.
Okay, I'm gonna learn from that lesson.
I'm gonna keep on going.
Don't stay there at the door failure.
You're gonna keep on passing by because if God is for you, then failure is not final today.
Let me ask you something.
Because you're probably thinking, well, Neil, we'll look at this mess.
Do you do you know what happened?
Do you know what happened to me?
Do you know what they said?
Do you know what they did?
My question is, are you looking at your situation with your natural eyes or with the eyes of faith?
Are you looking at your situation with your natural eyes?
I know what the doctor said.
I know what the lawyer said.
I know what they said in prophesied over you, but are you looking at with your natural eyes?
Are you looking with the eyes of faith?
I know when pastors 42 years ago, when he was preaching to 35 people in a library, he didn't just see those 35 people, he saw this.
He saw beyond this.
He saw a whole sanctuary full.
He saw people praising God.
He just didn't look at what he was looking at.
He looked beyond that with the eyes of faith.
So are you looking at your situation right now?
Are you looking at your kids right now?
Are you looking at your bills right now?
And you're looking at your natural eyes?
Are you looking at the eyes of faith and say, you know what?
I see more.
I see before.
When pastor's going down in his basement, before church and the rock really even started, he has a three-piece suit on.
And he's going down to his metal desk.
And he's preaching to the two by fours down there.
He sees this.
He's in see farmland where we're sitting right now.
He didn't see cows and corn.
He saw you.
He saw your families being transformed.
He saw your hearts being transformed.
He saw your generations and legacy.
You have to see, but you got to see with the eyes of faith today.
Don't just look at your situation with your natural eyes.
Look with the eyes of faith.
In Mark 822, it says, they came to Bethesda and some people brought a blind man and begged Jesus to touch him.
He took the blind man by the hand and let him outside of the village.
Oh, you got to get outside of your comfort zone today.
Oh, because sometimes things can happen here, but sometimes God's got to lead you outside of what you're familiar with to get to what you actually need.
So you let him outside of the village.
And when he had spit on the man's eyes and put his hands on him, Jesus asked, do you see anything?
What did the man say?
He said, I see people with a, they look like trees walking around.
Once more, Jesus put his hands on him and his eyes were opened, his sight was restored.
He saw everything clearly.
How many do you need a touch from Jesus today?
One touch from Jesus can change everything.
I said, one touch from Jesus can change absolutely everything.
I know what it looks like, but are you seeing with your natural eyes or are you seeing with the eyes of faith?
Sometimes you have to act like a soul when it ain't so, so it can become so.
Isn't that right, Ms. Karen?
You have to act like a soul
When it ain't so, so it can become so, that's what Pastor says so much because you have to say, what does the words say?
I know what my situation says, but what does the words say?
Are you gonna repeat what the word says or are you gonna repeat how you feel today?
I think at Church of the Rock, we're gonna repeat what does the words say.
And let me say something.
The difference between where you are now and where you want to go, it's not rocket science.
It's simply reps.
I said, the difference between where you want, where you are now, where you want to go, it's not complicated.
Is that Roxanne?
It's simply reps.
It's doing the same thing over and over and over again.
It's repetition.
Turn to everyone, say reps, say reps, say reps, say reps, say reps.
It's developing in the dark.
It's working out.
It's training.
It's training your mind.
It's training your body to do the right thing.
And it's doing it over and over and over again.
Even when you don't feel like it, even when it hurts, in that right champ.
We've got a champion to build.
You have to keep doing it, and when it hurts, and when you're tired, and when you feel like you got knocked down, you got to get back up, because we're all going into this ring of life.
And if you don't train now, when you get to the opportunity, you won't be ready.
Can I encourage you to develop in the dark?
It's an opportunity for you now.
Sometimes we all want to be viral, right?
You want to be popular.
You want the likes and the clicks and the subscribers and all the things you want to shine.
But guess what?
You need to develop in the dark first.
I'm telling you, it's the honor to develop in the dark.
God's grace is in the dark right now.
God's grace is trying to keep you.
He's trying to protect you.
He's trying to mold you because you're trying to shine and God's like, hey, develop in the dark.
Oh, well, they don't recognize me, and I'm overlooked and undervalued and underpaid, and I can't believe that I don't have the opportunity developing the dark, when nobody can see you.
When nobody's asking for you developing the dark, because you're not ready yet.
Keep cooking, keep simmering, right?
This is not a microwave mentality.
This is a crock-pot mentality when you're developing in the dark.
I know they can't see you.
I know they don't like you, but guess what?
Keep developing in the dark, because once you get to the light, baby, you're gonna shine.
I'm telling you what, when God's gonna shine through you, it's gonna be something magnificent that only He can do in and through your life.
So keep developing in the dark.
You don't grow in a comfort zone, you grow in a suffering zone, Pastor says.
Who likes a suffering zone, yeah?
You don't go to the four seasons or the risk, but hey, can I have a reservation for the suffering zone, please, yeah?
Hot towel.
Everybody wants a comfort zone.
Why do you think we keep it so cold in here?
Because we want to make sure that you are developing.
You know what's cold in here?
Chili.
Almost brought a snuggie.
Listen.
But this is the training ground.
Pastor's training us every single day to have some word.
And so when we get out into the world, we're ready to fight.
We get into the ring of life.
We can fight.
Guess what?
You got God in your corner right now.
Come on.
I know I got past her in my car.
I know I got the real deal in my corner right now, but guess what?
You got God in your corner.
When you got God in your corner, you started to walk upright.
You started to put your shoulders back, your chest out of your chin.
I was like, I wish you would.
I wish you would, devil.
You started to walk in the situation and say, you know what?
I know you tried to take me out, but if God before me, who could dare be against me?
If God before you failure is not final, come on now, church.
This is church in Iraq.
I went outside of my covers on recently.
Anybody ever been surfing before?
Okay, listen, I went to Puerto Rico, the island of Puerto Rico.
Woo!
Listen, I know we got one Puerto Rican in the building.
And Puerto Rico, it was so good, Ellie.
He took us around the island, and we danced, and we sang, and we ate good, we ate some more fongo.
We ate some of our roles, con gundales.
Listen on the side, all right?
We had a great time.
He took us around, great host family, everything.
And he said, let's go surfing.
I'm like, brother, I'm not sure if you, you saw National Geographic's, but brothers don't surf, right?
I don't know what you heard, but I don't know.
He's like, let's go surfing.
I'm gonna teach you how to surf him.
He was a good coach.
I said, all right, cool.
I got my little swim trunks, my little green swim trunks to mask my surfboard.
And I'm like, you know, I'm running through the band.
The beach like Baywatch, you know what I'm saying?
He's giving us instruction cause he's a good coach and he's like, listen, this is what you need to do.
This is what you don't need to do.
Cause we get out here in these waters.
It's different out here, right?
So I get on my surfboard and I'm, I'm, I'm paddling out there.
We got some friends with us right.
We got angel and Alex and some of the people out there.
And if we're having a good time and he's teaching us, you need to paddle before the wave gets there.
Once you see the wave about to approach, you need to get up on your surfboard and you need to ride the wave.
It seems simple enough, but it's hard to do.
Right?
My little legs was wiggling and it was, it was hard.
All let me tell you right now.
And I see everybody else having a good time.
Everybody started to catch a wave.
Let me say right now, Alex caught a wave and everybody's like, yeah, great job, Alex.
Then angel caught a wave.
Yeah, great job, angel.
Because you know what it is when you see somebody get blessed.
You're like, oh, I praise Lord, they just got to engage.
They just had a baby.
Praise God, they just got a house.
Oh, Hercules, Hercules.
Oh, but, but.
But really what you're thinking, when I was thinking, I was in a water, I'm like, when is it gonna be my turn?
When am I gonna catch a wave?
We got two little baby waves and I'm getting frustrated.
So what did I try to do?
I try to go over to the big boy waves, you know what I'm saying?
Because I got that dog in, you know what I'm saying?
So I wasn't ready.
I didn't catch a baby wave yet.
I didn't know what I was doing.
So I started to drift a little bit.
I didn't even notice it.
I was drifting and I was drifting.
Listen, it was so discouraging when I saw a dog catch a wave.
The dog called away, I promise you, the professional dogs are for, I really was.
And I was with the community, show that picture, show that picture, I was with the community, right?
That's me, the little brown dot, that's me right there, right?
I was with the community, I was with everybody else.
I got tired of doing the reps, I got tired of doing the small things.
And I decided to drift over here into the big boy ways, try to catch one before the sun went down.
My wife, she's videoing her arm hurts because it's been 45 minutes, still ain't caught no wave.
She's taking selfies at this point.
I'm like, what's going on?
And I started to drift a little bit, a little bit too far.
And next thing I know, I'm over here all by myself.
You see that wave about to hit me, right?
And I started to get scared because I look back at the shore and I saw how far I was and how far I drifted.
I saw how far I was when I look back.
I'm like, oh, my goodness.
My little legs are dangling into water like some chicken strips.
And I'm like, oh,
Snap.
I'm getting scared because I don't know what's looking at me underneath the water.
I'm not singing Christ be magnified or firm foundation.
You know what song I was singing?
I'm scared at this point because I don't know what's about to get me.
And I see my coach, Ellie, he's over here with the community saying, hey, Neil, come back over here.
Come back over here.
And I'm like, are you sure, Ellie?
Because I'm trying to catch this wave, my brother.
I'm trying to catch this wave.
And he's like, no, come back over here where is safety.
Come back here to church on the rock where there's community.
Come back here where there's fellowship.
Come back here where you have a family.
Some of us trying to do it ourselves.
Maybe you would work coming to church and you're online now.
We love you.
Thank you for listening.
But guess what?
Come back to some community.
Come back to some safety because when you get out here in the big boy waves, oh, it's another story.
And I'm trying to swim across the shore.
And thankfully, I realized that you don't want to get weary and well doing because if you keep on doing what you're doing, eventually you will get what you need to get.
If you keep on paddling before that wave comes, guess what?
When the wave gets there, you will actually be able to ride the wave when preparation meets opportunity equals success.
I said, when preparation, you're paddling meets the opportunity of the wave.
Guess what?
It equals success.
Don't stop paddling where you are right now.
Don't stop developing in the darks.
Don't stop putting in the reps because if God is for you, failure is not final.
Failure is just a part of the process.
When God wants to do something big, he always starts small.
Look at David and Goliath.
Did he start with the Goliath?
No, he started with the lion and the bear.
He started with the sheep, actually.
And then he graduated to Goliath, the mustard seed of faith, the small things in life.
You gotta get planted.
You can't get tomorrow's fruit by cursing today's dirt.
God asked, Abraham, what's in your hand?
What are you doing with what you have now?
Do the best with what you have right now.
I don't have the money.
I don't have the time.
I don't have the, but what do you have?
Are you gonna start?
Are you gonna make excuses?
Or are you gonna say, you know it, I'm more than an overcomer.
I'm more than a conqueror.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
If you're too big to do what's small, then you're too small to do what's big.
If you're too big to do what's small over here with the baby waves, you're too small to do what's big.
As the team comes up, I've always wanted to say that by the way, as the team comes up.
Matthew 724, Matthew 724.
Therefore, everyone who hears these words of mind and puts them into practice is like a wise man who built his house on the rock.
I'm gonna say that again.
Everyone who hears these words of mind and puts them into practice.
One more time.
Perfection, no?
Practice, yes.
Not just a hearer, but a doer as well.
But guess what?
When he does that, it's like a wise man who builds his house on the rock, a firm,
foundation, the rain came down, the streams rose, the winds blew and beat against the house, yet it did not fall because it had its foundation on the rock.
A firm foundation.
If you're building your life on anything other than Jesus, it's not a firm foundation.
Let me tell you something right now.
If you're building your house on money and career and status and wealth and influence and all the things, it's not a firm foundation.
I know it seems like it's cute.
You got the house and the 2.5 kids and the dog and the fence and everything seems great, but you're still empty inside.
If Solomon in Ecclesiastes, his first two had everything, the riches and the wisest man.
He had 700 wives.
I'm not sure why, but 300 concubines.
He built houses and cherries and did all the things and he said it's all meaningless.
It's like grasping the wind.
If you tried to build your house on your looks, you tried to build your house on what seems trendy right now.
Let me tell you right now, it is sinking saying your house will fall and it's going to hurt.
Don't be like me trying to paddle over here into the big boy waves.
Don't be like me trying to do it yourself and build your house on something that's shaky.
Build your house on a firm foundation today.
You have an opportunity at the beginning of this year to start ripe, a fresh start, a clean slate.
You can begin again.
If God is for you, failure is not final, my friend.
failure is not final, my friend, as your heads are bowed, your eyes are closed.
I'm gonna give you the opportunity right now to receive Jesus.
I'm gonna make it very simple.
This may be your first time, or you may have been here for 42 years, and you know your house is not built on that cornerstone.
You got Jesus in the mix.
You added him like some seasoning, like some lorries or something, so bad.
You added him to the pot, but he's not the center.
He's not the main thing.
You got to keep the main thing, the main thing.
And let me tell you right now, Jesus is the main thing.
I don't care if you've been saved all your life.
I don't care if you just walked in here.
You don't know who Jesus is.
Let me tell you that Jesus loves you.
Jesus is for you.
You hear every type of church in the rock.
God is for me.
He's not bad at you.
He's madly in love with you.
And he's asking you to build your house on me.
Build your house on a rock.
Because the wave is coming.
The storm is coming.
It's gonna happen.
20, 26 is gonna be our best year, but guess what?
You're gonna experience some trials and tribulations.
And let me tell you right now, if you don't build your house on a rock, you are going to crash.
Man, this is your opportunity to say, yes, Lord, I wanna build my house on a rock.
I wanna start the right way.
I'm gonna ask you to raise your hand.
I'm not gonna ask you to come down.
If this is your first time receiving Jesus, let's do that today.
If this is your third time receiving Jesus, your 50th time receiving Jesus, can't we do that together as a family?
I want you to raise your hand.
Number one, God loves you.
I see hands already.
Number two, God is for you.
Number three, raise your hands.
If you want to receive Jesus, I see hands all over this place.
I see people that want to make their life built on Jesus.
Thank you so much.
Come on, put your hands down right now.
We're going to say this together as a family.
Say, Jesus, I love you.
Thank you for dying on the cross, for taking all of my sins, all my infirmities on yourself.
You rose again, defeated death hell in the grave, and I believe that I'm saved.
Holy Spirit, help me.
I need you right now.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Can you give God a shout of praise for the decisions that were made today?
Come on.
Thanks for watching these week's message.
One way for you to connect your church in Iraq is through the guidance for your classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission, and values of church in Iraq, and about your God-given design.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash, God is for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at church in Iraq, make sure to visit our website at cotr.org.
And never forget, God is for you.